Minecraft theories from RetroGamingNow (15 videos): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lRAAOuJP_7Y&list=PLrYwdz3-r9JKZa6_EZh85PRgQrVBqOA1d

Minecraft theories from The Game Theorists (33 videos): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLOl4b517qn8jvCcjb6Bmi7EcK_MnmtPFl

Each of the videos from the youtube playlists can be summarized in less than 200 words. Not all of the 33 videos from The Game Theorists are about Minecraft theories. Most of the game theory videos have a large portion of the video repeating things from other videos. The total content is at best worth 9600 words or 200*(15+33) words. My youtube comments and minecraft theory (raw) contains almost 100 percent of my minecraft theory with little repetition and it is a few hundred words more than 10000 words.

My theories do not rely on any of the other mojang or microsoft produced content or anything related to minecraft fan content. However, some parts make reference to real life, schwarzesmarken, and clockwork planet.

My theory considers multiple versions of minecraft. The newer version being newer events in my theory. All other minecraft theories I have seen only mention a single minecraft version or do not mention minecraft versions at all.

So far I have not found any reasonable minecraft theories (from others on the internet) about: "melon", "glistering melon slice", "sharpness enchantment", "smite enchantment", "bane of arthropods enchantment", "infinity enchantment", "mending enchantment", "unbreaking enchantment","enchantment incompatibility", "wither skull design on bedrock", "the void", "minecraft world size", "wither half health mode", "origins of bedrock in the End dimension", "origins of Endstone", "End crystal", "cave spiders", "Endstone", "spawners", "etymology of nether star", "splash potions", "lingering potions", "bottles of enchanting", "quartz", "moon phases", "anvil repair cost increases", "quadratic relationship between experience levels and experience points", “Exponential relationship between experience levels and number of repairs”, and "wither skeleton's sword".

But my theory addresses all of the above.

"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVtTFigh1-I" is not a minecraft theory about cave spiders. It is just an informative video.

There are theories on the void. Some theories theorize it is a lack of air in the void which does not explain why the void destroys items. There is another theory about the void being the horizon of a supermassive black hole, but the theory requires modified gravity to deal the damage as seen in minecraft because gravity in real life increases according to inverse square law. 

You can see if there are other theories about what I theorize by googling.

My theory on blazes, blaze rods, blaze powder, and strength potion relies on "white forces" (a song from fripside). However, there are no other convincing theories about the origin of them. Most other theories claim that blazes were built from "ancient builders". However in the other theories, there is no mention of why the blazes were designed that way.

Other theories on how the mine shafts were built involve ancient builders, but my theory involves spiders and cave spiders.

None of my theories rely on the concept of ancient builders.

In the other theories, undead came from a virus. However, in my theories, undead came from an immune system mutation to protect against strange quarks.

Most minecraft theories theorize that slimes came before magma cubes, but my theory theorize that magma cubes came first.

Both game theories from reddit and youtube comment section theorize that the disks dropped from creepers was because the creepers wanted to not have the disks to get caught in the players hands or that the skeleton's shot does not break the disks. I theorize that the disks were supposed to contain "white forces" (a song from fripside) that the ghasts had in their head, and the mechanic was for the creeper to tell the player that it is an opening song. RetroGamingNow believes that the disk dropping was just a game mechanic. However The Game Theorists youtuber explains that the game mechanic of the music disks dropped from creepers is a reference to the audio contents of the disks 11 and 13.

Game theorists could have connected the phantoms to real life vietnam war which would have explained why cats drop phantom membranes and fish after the player wakes up.
