
In the begining there was only a single nuetron star in the universe which is the surface of a hypersphere. The beams were bent by the hypersphere to create a fake sun and moon back on the surface of the nuetron star. The beams were diffrent because of wave interferance with each other. 

The universe starts to expand while keeping energy density preserved. This made the nuetron star bigger really fast. The nueton star collapse creating a singularity in the middle. It left 2 outer shells of nuetronium behind. The 2 shells interacted with modified gravity to stay the gravitationally stable. Since modified gravity does not follow newton's shell theorum, the inner shell split into a lower shell and a middle shell due to diffrent gravitation interation with the upper shell. The lower and middle shell was the nether and the upper shell was the overworld.

The first creatures to inhabit the minecraft world were endermen. It was because they were able to survive the fall down from the event horizon to the overworld by teleportation. The endermen took pieces of nuetronium and drop down while tryign to place it in mid air. Most placements of the nuetronium were far below the shell the jumped off from because it is so hard to place in mid air or the nuetronium keeps falling until it goes into the singularity. The successfull atempts created the bedrock in the end dimension.

The nuetronium decayed into bedrock and bedrock was impossible to carry for the endermen. The bedrock decayed into stone and then sand. In the nether, it was filled with sand and netherrack. The endermen population grew and they have to deal with dead endermen bodies. They decide to bury them in sand in the nether. The dead endermen souls begin to live in the sand. While in the sand, the sand turned into soul sand and the souls experianced heaven. The souls came back into the soul sand and were angry about the fact that they missed so many years in heaven because they had decided to live so long in minecraft. The souls sand got angry and turned into the wither. There were many withers that spawned because of how much soul sand there were in the nether. The withers destroyed everything and went through the gaps of the nether roof and floor. They shoot wither skulls at the overworld bedrock to try to destroy it. They only destroy enough of it to carve a wither skull on each block of bedrock. They did the same with both the nether roof and the nether floor. The endermen decide a solution was to light a portal between the nether roof and the overworld bedrock by using lava as a heat source. The endermen put enough lava on the nether roof to light the portal. The portal was the void and teleported the all the withers between into the singularity. The endermen put a lot of lava below the nether floor to light up the void under the nether floor. The ignition of the 2 voids filled all the gaps in the nether floor, nether roof, and overworld with bedrock. This made it impossible to dispose of soul sand unless the endermen gose to the end. The endermen decided to destroy all the soul sand. The endermen in the end believe that the soul sand thrown off the cliff could spawn a wither, so the end was not a option. The endermen decide to put all the soul sand in piles so that any wither that forms would be localize. Dead endermen no longer make soul sand because they train themselves to bury themselves into ender pearls.

As the days went by, the sand in the overworld decayed into dirt and new life was formed. Beast Boy (mob), Rana (mob), Steve (mob), and Black Steve (mob) were formed. They are the 4 humaniod mobs They were intelligent because of antimatter had special properties to make microtechnology. Unitelligent life also formed which are slime molds, moss, trees, and grass. Gears were in minecraft for a short time. Strange quarks multiplied to a concentration that was too toxic for gears to form. The strange quarks caused brain damage to the 4 huamniod mobs. That is way they started to just wander around. The ghast existed. It was special because it had "white forces" stuck in its head on an infinite loop. The endermen was jelous that the ghast was not suffering from the strange quarks as much. The endermen picked up the ghast and put it in the nether. The ghast got angry and turned into the killing machine that it is today.

Some of the humaniods have their immune system to evolve into undead to combat the strange quarks. Others have their livers produced more and more volitile compounds to complex the strange quarks, so that the excretory system and remove it. The humaniods with undead immune system evolve to become skeletons. Skeletons interacted with moss to become zombies. The others turned into creepers.

The ghast interact with the creepers to create the music disks. Creepers were not able to live long in the nether because the heat caused voltile compounds in the creeper to decompose. The ghasts interacted skeletons to create skeleton spawners. Some of the spawners went to the overworld for presevation in dungeons. Zombie spawners were only created by the interaction between zombies and skeleton spawners. The skeleton spawners in the nether turned into blaze spawners. Blaze spawners outside of nether fortresses turn into magma cube spawners. Magma cube spawners were the first to utlize machine learning to create AI. The magma cube was trained to target humans and train other nueral networks of slime molds and magma cream. Some magma cubes went to the overworld and trained nueral networks using slime molds. They produced the first slimes, and the slimes trained other slimes. Skeletons and ghasts were friends. The skeleton evolve into wither skeletons to fight against the endermen that were trying to destroy soul sand biome because soul sand biome was the ghast's home. The wither skeleton evolve to not self destruct their skulls. Wither skeleton skulls could be a sign that the endermen are winning, so the wither skeleton skulls program themselves to spawn a wither when placed close together. So many endermen died, so the only ones that are left left do not know about the history of the wither and were passive to soul sand.

Before the strange quark concentration increased to today, the ghasts did many scientific things. The spawners were easy to move and some spawners moved out of the nether. Microtechnology could still be used some times. Microtechnology was used to create vials. Bottle of enchanting was a vial. Storing splash potions in vials also saved more glass. Microtechnology processed sand into quartz. The quarts were used to make computers, that enventually all got destroyed and turned into ore as repairs became harder to do due to strange quark concentration.

Spiders dig underground. Some spiders evolve into cave spiders because cave spiders dig faster usign the poison to dissolve stone. The spiders dig to form mineshafts and when they hit a dungeon, the spiders infect the spawners to produce spider spawners.

The endermen tried to make a endermen spawner. It turned into an end portal frame that teleported to a convient location. The location was on a triangle where the center is the epicenter of the end. The spawner knows about the bad things that the endermen did and was trying to get revenge by opening the end. The endermen decides to counter the revenge by using the ghast tear and trying to make it on their side. The endermen added eye of ender and it turned into a end crystal and summon the ender dragon.
