This was suppose to be a continuation to the minecraft youtube comments, but I decided to not post it in the comments because the comment chain was getting to long. 
I did not want a youtube moderator to get suspicious and read my comments and then steal it. I decided to create a .txt file on my computer and just write it there.
Copied and pasted from file:



The creeper cannot detonate when dead because the primary explosive cannot set of the sac if it is detonated without shaping it into a shaped implosive. While rearranging the primary explosives, the creepers cann''t move without ruining all their work.

Blaze powder originated from the spawner. The spawner still has "white forces" stuck in their head. The spawner decided that since it lacked the ghast tear, it would have blaze powder. The spawner thought "Namida sae chikara ni kaete" is a refrence to ghast tears turning into strength. The spawner decides that it wanted a substance that is strength. Blaze powder was it. The spawner made blaze powder also the ingredient for strength potion. The spawner used blaze powder to make blazes from the skeleton in the middle. The blazes were designed to have the rods rotate outside because the spawner wanted to make a refrence to "tsuyosa wo matou". The spawner was able to manipulate microbes into forming intelligent structures that could be trained into nueral networks. The nueral networks were able to keep their structures because of blaze powder. The outside of the magma cube was made of magma cream, which has blaze powder, and the inside is filled with lava. It was done on to make a refrence to "tsuyosa wo matou". Blaze powder represents strength and "matou" means to put on the outside. The reason why the spawners decided to protect themselves with dungeons and nether fortresses is that "ikinuku sono saki ni matteiru mirai shinjite" gave them hope for the future. It was closely tied to the other verse because theu are in the same stanza. The dungeons were thought to be strong, so the spawners also asked for chests and loot when the future of no more red matter comes.



The end was created by endermen picking up neutronium and the jumping off and try to place it in the middle of somewhere. They created the middle portal. Then, the endermen decides to place 10 blocks of nuetronium around the portal and high above. With the knowlege of how portals work, they reasoned that it could create a portal that would teleport a entity to itself making it safe from a inter-nether void. Endstone was created by teleporting mass from the singularity to the end. The result is always the same because of the no-hair theorum. The endermen were able to get free building blocks so they did not use other blocks. The endermen left a gap between the main island and the outer islands because calculations shows that the gap is nessasary to keep the portal that teleports to itself stable. The endermen build more end islands and left gaps as large empty rings to make sure the end does not collapse. The endermen crafted 4 end crystals. The end crystal was the first time the tear meets the blaze powder. It was when both the mobs that know "white forces" came together. They unite with the ender pearl like lise hohenstein with the спасти. The endermen had harmed the ghast by putting it in the nether. The ghast developed blaze powder and ghast tears. They both were items influenced by "white forces". When the ender pearl combines with the blaze powder and ghast tears, it is like a once formidable enemy reunites with the victim (related to white forces) that had grown stronger. Just like Lise Hohenstein (the singer of white forces) and the спасти. The end crystal is the only thing that is made with all three. Their intention was for the endermen. The instructions to construct the ender dragon and pillars were on the english lyrics of "white forces". "Black cross sorting" makes the obsidian pillars to be built. "With tears in force." instructs the end crystals to spawn on the pillars. "Let's fly together until the dream is visible." programs the enderdragon's AI. The enderdragon only flies in around the end island because it would be together with the end crystals. The enderdragon is the opposite of the wither because the enderdragon can choose not to be teleported by the void. The enderdragon can fly anywhere and even cross the void to go to another dimension. However the enderdragon chose not to because of the verse. "I want to be a dark despair Energy." sets their affliation with the endermen. "Schwarzesmarken arms now!" gives the enderdragon the distinct Dragon Fireball attack. The enderdragon is designed from the МиГ-23 that Lise Hohenstein got after she joined the спасти. The end crystals got the song by using the eye of ender as a ender chest. They found the song and the song is forever on repeat in the end crystal. The end crystals wanted to be called "tears in force" because of the ghast tear and blaze powder used to make the end crystal. The endermen cannot hear the song no matter how loud it was repeated in the mind of the end crystal. The endermen named it "end crystal". The pillars are made of obsidian because it is close to glass irl. The pillars have iron bars because iron and glass makes obsidian irl.

Actually it is not true that spawners have lost their ability to train nueral networks. (correction to a previous theory) It is just that slime mold's nueron structure always get scrambled by the intense heat if there is no blaze powder to protect them. A theretical slime spawner would only be able to spawn stillborn slimes. At the center of the spawner is a lot of heat from the constant antimatter annihilation from the spawner. An endermite spawner would be too costly for the spawner because the endermite is made of a significant amount of antimatter in the inside. The amount of antimatter in a endermite is almost half of that in the spawner. A theretical endermite spawner would spawn atmost 2 endermites before despawning itself. A spawner cannot spawn a bee because bees are made of rigid bodies and would break before it reaches through the spawner. A mob that wishes to spawn from a spawner would need to reach into the center of the spawner for the spawner to learn how to spawn it. The zombie was diffrent because moss combines with a skeleton inside the spawner would turn the spawner to a zombie spawner.

Undead is not a evil property. It is a evolution of the immune system. The zombies, skeletons, and their varients are so agressive because they they lack a brain to understand Steve. The piglins were not aggressive because the pig's brain was not made of antimatter, so it did not dissapear. It did not dissapear after they turned undead. The undead humaniods were not aggressive for the same reason, but they became aggressive after they turned into skeletons and zombies.



The ghast had influence on the creepers to make a music disk, ideally storing the song "white forces" when shot by a skeleton so that whoever the creeper was chasing can convey the ghast's mind. The ghast hopes that the attacker would get the disk as the first thing in the world. The ghast thinks of a senario that the player is running in the middle of the night after getting a bad first spawn in the middle of the night (which is impossible, but the ghast doesn't know this). The ghast hopes that the player is being chased and the creeper is shot dead by friendly fire. The ghasts thinks that these incidents are common because the player always runs. "This would act as a opening song just as in черные метки" - the ghast thought. черные метки only plays the opening song on the second episode. This means that the reasoning still works if the player spawns in the day. черные метки has 11 episodes where "white forces" plays. The ghasts only knows 10 of the 12 episodes because Lise Hohenstien is killed in episode 10. So the ghast tells the creeper to make 10 diffrent disks of "white forces". The ghast tells the creeper to make 2 addition types disks only used to be put into chests so that it is a refrence that ghasts are both spawners and ghasts. The strider dosen't count since it is disowned. The ghast tried to hum "white forces", but it was really bad so it made the 12 disks. The ghast tells the creeper to never change the contents of the disk. The promise was kept because soon after every gear dissapeared and the ability to write was gone.




Naoto has a unique ability to attract very powerful girls. I forgot a diagram: 👧👧💖⚧️. 

Ghasts are cubiodal to minimize surface area since white membrane is expensive. 

Back when there was little red matter, anti matter ore annhilited little by little underground. The antimatter concentration was uniform. Red matter starts spreading. It spread slowly. And when it does spread, the concentration became uniform because the stone was compromized structurally allowing red matter to easily flow quickly. After the 4 humaniods developed undead immune systems, some undead immune cells dissapate into the remaining antimatter ores. The undead immune cells were programmed to detonate antimatter that is oustide the brain. They did this to prevent red matter from making gaps which could cause more red matter to float in. The immune cells detonated the antimatter slow enough to not overload the stone's mechanical toughness. This cuase huge chunks of land to be raised and runoff water to fill the empty space. These chunks of land are called monoliths. Since the moon is not real and is just pulsar light bended by the universe, there are no tides. There were no tides to make more monoliths. Therefore monoliths stopped generating.        


                                       The glistening melon's effects are not from the melon at all. The melon is the only aerated object in minecraft that has enough surface tension that putting gold beside it causes the gold to deform due to surface tension. The gold turns into stringy foam-like substance. The melon is filled with closed-cell red foam. When a baby melon starts diffrentiaing, The inner ball of cells (approximately 1000 cells across) are assigned a unique RNA squence. They stop dividing after getting assigned the RNA sequence. When the outer tissues grow, the inner cells grow with it by increasing surface area and filling up with water. The red intercellular matrix is made to accomodate the size and weight. It fills everywhere between the cells. Next, the cells transcribe the assigned RNA sequence to make protiens. The protiens are released into the intercellular matrix. The protiens are absorbed into the matrix. If a part of the intercellular marix absorbes 3 or more diffrent protiens it will strengthen significantly. Otherwise, it won't. When a melon slice reacts with gold, it pulls the gold into where the intracellular space was. Then, the gold gets pulled through the weak walls of the intercellular matrix where only 2 or less diffrent protiens have reacted. Pulling the gold through breaks the weak walls. This pulls the gold and fills the melon slice which creates a open-cell gold foam and open-cell intercellular matrix. The intercellular matrix is now open-cell because the faces between the cells are broken. An immature melon does not have a lot of water and cells for gold to displace. This is why there is no glistening immature melon. Glistening melons have both red intercellular melon fibers and open-cell gold foam on the outside. This is why it is called glistening melon and not "golden melon". In the brewing stand, the gold in the open-cell foam is the only thing that forms the healing potion. Brewing without open-cell gold foam would take too long. Not only is waiting a problem, the intermdiates between a healing potion and awkward potion are sensitive to heat and will quickly be destoryed if it doesn't turn into a healing potion. A clockwork planet brewing stand would not use glistening melons. It would use open-cell gold foam since melons are just inpurites. In real life, gold powder would be used instead because metal foams are expensive to produce. A golden carrot cannot be uncrafted because the gold is complexed by the carrot's enzymes to make gold complexes. The gold complexes are a good source of energy since Steve's body digest the protiens into nitrogen gas instead of urea. A golden apple can not be brewed because of the same reason as pure gold cannot be brewed into a potion. The apple in the golden apple is needed because the digestion of the apple makes Steve's stomach to release enzymes to digest gold. A pumpkin is diffrent from the melon. Both the pumpkin and the melon have completely the same growth stages except the inner balls of cells are filled with fats instead of water. Since the pumpkin is filled with fat, it faces more predators, so it grows a face and turn orange to scare off predators. The holes of the pumpkin are not holes. They are anti-reflective coated eyes. When the pumpkin is developing the face, it wants to make sure that it got the face right. It grows an eyecup behind the part that are the black spots. The black spots are always faced the same direction to develop the same face. That is why the stem is always facing north and the default face is north. Hormones are released when the light touches the eyecups. The pumpkin corrects itself from the stem cell's detection of these hormones. New eyecups are formed behind the eyecups to make sure that thoose eyecups are really in the correct positions. Anti-reflective lens is grown in between to prevent the previous eyecup from misreading light. This process gose on and one to the big fatty cells in the middle. The process is so effective that all the pumpkin's predators starved to death. Then the pumpkins evolved to cover the eyecups to protect them from being targeted by mobs. The melon evolved from the pumpkin after the pumpkin killed all their predators. The melon had an evolutionary advantage of saving energy when making itself. It stores water instead of fat, and it stopped growing eyecups and anti-reflective lens. The reason why there is only one type of carved pumpkin is because there is only certain parts that the pumpkin have anti-reflective lenses. Anti-reflective lenses prevents the endermen from know that you are staring at them because no light is reflected back. There is no glistening pumpkin since fats are too hard to displace. The Jack o'lantern is lighter than the torch because the fats are on fire. You can't slice a pumpkin because the fats are too heavy for the intercellular matrix to support. The result is that the insides fall out. Although water is heavier than fats, water is easily displaced by air therefore melons can be sliced. When a melon is sliced, it loses water. More melon slices are needed to complete a melon because melons need a lot of water. You cannot just add water because the surface tension would destory the intercellular matrix. The melon is heavier than the pumpkin. Steve always break the melon because it is so heavy. The melon block can easily be broken by a sword because the melon's water content matches the water content of mobs. 



The undead immune system can negate the property of antiparticle. Thus, it can create anti-strange quarks. The wither is the only known undead mob strong enough to turn the strange quark into a anti-strange quark. Anti-strange quark is present in the blue wither skull. It is contained in antimatter molecues that prevent the anti-strange quarks from reacting with matter. The blue color which signifies it is made of anti-matter just like Yoshino Nanjou's я symbol in love live. The blue wither skulls can break anything because it is made of anti-strange quarks. How it does it is that the anti-strange quarks are released onto the target as anti-red matter. Anti-red matter reacts with matter to form a black hole. This would destroy anything no matter the mechanical properties of the block. The black hole quickly falls into the void without eating much else. The only blocks it cannot break are blocks with high concentration of strange quarks. Anti-strange quarks and strange quarks react to yeild gamma radiation. Although redstone is rich in strange quarks, the explosion destroys the block. Endermen use high amounts of red matter to make the end portal frame, so that, withers cannot destroy the strucures. Since bedrock is so dense and have a high concentration of strange quarks, the blue skulls seem to not be able to break it.

Under normal graivty, the nether would not have formed because of newton's shell theorem. It can be a cause of modified gravity, antigravity, or electromagnetism that caused the nether to form 2 seperate layers of nuetronium. The early nether had holes in both celling and ground because the nether roof and celling were exerted with unstable forces.


Wither were the second mobs to ever exist. They came after the endermen built the end portal in the end dimension. Endermen died and were left to rot. The some of the nuetronium decayed into elements that were soluble in nuetronium. This cause the nuetronium to become unmovable. Some bedrock decayed into stone. Each block of nuetronium can decay into 2.4*10^17 blocks of stone. Density of nuetronium is 6*10^17 and stone is 2.5 times water. It is unknown how dense the bedrock is. The stone decayed into sand. The endermen burried their dead in sand. The dead endermen took too long to rot. The endermen decides to take their dead to the nether because the hotter temperature would cause the dead to rot faster The sand turned into soul sand when the endermen rotted completely. The souls lived in the sand because there was no where else to go. Stone and neutronium were too hard to move around to use in burials. The endermen made soul sand biomes so that the living endermen can freely travel the nether without bumping into the dead. The Thick soul sand that had high surface tension, high cohension, and no solubility caused no mess. The souls also experianced heaven when living soul sand. In heaven there was Naoto and Marie from clockwork planet. The souls were angry that the strange matter in minecraft had prevented them from exploring a computer age. When the souls came back, they turned into withers that try to avenged the debt that red matter has caused. The wither try to destory everything. The withers were able to fly up to the overworld through a hole in the bedrock celling. There were no withers in the overworld because all the dead was moved to the nether. It used blue skulls to destroy enough of the bedrock to carve its face in it. There was a face for every place between the bedrock blocks. The endermen created the void by igniting it by putting lava on the nether roof. The ignition cause bedrock to spawn and completely block access to the space between the overworld and nether void. The void teleported the withers into the singularity and killing them. There were still some withers under the nether floor carving their intitals in under there. Endermen placed lava source blocks under the nether floor which killed all the rest of the withers and completed the nether floor by igniting the inter-nether void. The singularity lies in the middle of the inter-nether void.


The name of the wither star was created by the endermen as a joke for not being able to exist in the end (glitches do not count), use teleportion or survive the void. Teleportation destroys the wither because the wither cannot travel through the singularity. The wither cannot survive the void because the wither would get teleported into the singularity. The wither cannot exist in the end because existing in the end requires constantly teleporting back to yourself. All forms of teleportation requires going through the singularity becuase teleportation is traveling through a dimensionless dimension. The singularity is the only dimenionless dimension. One thing singularities are know for is destroying stars (astronomical terminology). The wither is made with nether materials. This makes the nether star's name. To prevent such desaster from happening again, the endermen pledged to bury themselves into a ender pearl. Doing so prevented the soul from escaping into the sand and turning into a wither. This was how the ender pearl was made. Before, endermen would not drop anything and the red body would not despawn. 

                                               The evoker is the only mob that can experiance both the minecraft world and clockwork planet. The evoker uses the totem of undying as a special gear to go to clockwork planet to experiance things over there. The evoker attack, attair, and vexes are inspired from clockpunk in clockwork planet. The greyness is pretty clock-like. All evokers are the same person which is why they can all decide to choose not to arms race the minecraft planet. The evoker has no incentive in the minecraft planet. It is boring and dying just brings them back into clockwork planet. The evoker can make the most advance civilization in minecraft if they wanted to.


Steve can only use the totem of undying to stay alive again. The totem of undying dose not protect against void because the void teleports Steve into the singularity. The totem is a special gear because it uses imaginary energy to do things. The only way to protect Steve from dying is for a special gear to activate and block the would-be fatal blow. When the totem is used, it is not broken. It just dissapears and teleports to the clockwork planet. Why would they ever let Steve use it is why YouTube is free to watch. The totem of undying is monitized by collecting data on Steve. Steve always keeps the totem around because it is important. Just like you came here to watch YouTube.

   

                    The wither rose is a refrence to a radar since only 1 wither head is used to shoot and fox 1 uses radar technology. If the wither shoots 2 head combined together it would leave a missle nose cone. If the wither shoots 3 heads combined, it would spawn a black pearl which resembles a heat camera. The fox 1 and 2 are diffrent because fox 1 would use radar for both detection and communication. It is more fitting for the 2 wither heads to make a missile nose cone.

The wither uses IR to detect mobs, the wither choose to use IR because 3 heads is a refrence to fox 3. Fox 3 uses IR.

The bat is passive because it is like a reconnesense plane. The bat was passive like the МиГ-25Р foxbat. The bat was named after that.

The bed was named after МиГ-21 fishbed. This is because the cat sometimes would give player a fish after player wakes up. Since МиГ-21 fishbed and f-4 phantoms had similar stats as proven in the veitnam war, the cats also catches phantoms and gives phantom membranes to the player. Microsoft tried to get rid of the soviet refrence by making the default bed white, but that is still a refrence to the white МиГ-21 in черные метки. 

The phantom was name after the f-4 phantom. It was developed from the f-104 starfighter. The starfighter was developed into the phantom. The f-4 represents that the phantom attacks on the 4th day that the player does not sleep. All the other time, the phantom flies high in the stars being called a starfighter.

Experiance bottles are vials. It has to be sealed or else the experiance leaks away. Experiance bottles cannot be made because the technology required to make vials uses gears because of how precise you would have to be to make it.

Splash potions and lingering potions are both made of compounds like DMSO. When the splash potion is made, it is bent around the neck to make a swan neck flask so that none of the potion gets out while flying in the air. Gunpowder contains DMSO because DMSO is one of many flammable compounds that can react with stuff. DMSO is needed in splash potions so that the potion can absorb through skin. The lingering potions are made of splash potions because of the same reason. Splash potions are not vials because it is too hard to make vials without gears.

Experiance is imaginary kinetic energy. Experiance levels is imgainary momentum. The relationship between Experiance and Experiance levels is quadratic just like the relationship between kinetic energy and momentum. The experiance can only be used as experiance levels because the player can only use it by collisions. The price of using the anvil grows exponentially because of the ideal rocket equation. The hammer acts as propellent in a rocket because to use it, the player has to accelerate the hammer to the same imaginary speed as the thing being enchanted. The ideal rocket equation does is correct because the relationship between imaginary energy and number of anvil uses is still exponential and not tetrational. If experiance and experiance levels have and exponential relationship, then the number of avil uses to experiance would be tetrational even if the number of avil uses to experiance levels is as costly as linerithmic.

The totem of undying uses experiance. In clockwork planet, a special gear uses imaginary energy. Imaginary energy is experiance. Totem of undying is a special gear. The experiance used by the totem of undying can be seen in the animation of popping a totem of undying.

The wither has 2 modes. When it is over half health, it is using mending enchantment. When it is below half health, it is using infinity enchantment. Infinity and mending cannot be used at the same time. The mending enchantment converts imaginary kinetic energy to real kinetic energy. On items, real kinetic energy repaires the item. On the wither, it propels the wither up. When the wither is below half health, the wither uses infinity enchantment as an active protection system. When the wither detects an arrow, the wither uses infinity to produce another arrow that counters the arrow. The infinity arrow despawns after an elastic collision. Infinity uses kinetic energy to produce infinity arrows. The infinity bow works by using kinetic energy from pulling the bow to make infinity arrow. Infinity dose not work on potion arrows or spectre arrows because it only detects kinetic energy. Mending cannot be used with infinity because infinity would consume the kinetic energy and break the bow by producing a bunch of infinity arrows inside the bow.

The wither cannot teleport since if it ever decides to teleport, it would teleport to heaven. The wither knows that heaven is way too tempting to resist going to, so it disables teleportation on itself. The wither knows that "Heaven is a place on earth" is false, and going to heaven would not let the wither come back. The wither knows all this because of experiance heaven when it was in soul sand. Withers are fallen angels depending on definition.

Sharpness and Bane of athropods are not actually enchantments. However they still uses enchanting tot get because without gears, there are no microtechnologies that can change the mechanical properties to make sharpness or bane of arthropods. Sharpness make items sharp by changing the microstructure of the item and sharpen edges. Bane of arthropods creats microscopic holes in the item. When a arthropod gets hit, their instinct causes their bodies to try to infect the item which causes part of the arthropod to stick on the item as if it was barbed. The arthorpod is slowed down because the arthropod is being pulled by the seemingly barbed item. The microscopic holes activates the arthropod's instinct because holes means that the item can be infected. Sharpness cannot be applied to bane of arthropods because the enchantment would mistake the holes as edges and bevel the item into oblivion. Bane of arthropods cannot be applied to sharpness because the enchantment cannot detect sharp edges and blunt the item and ruin microstructure because creating the holes cause the lattices to misalign. The result is an item that would be too brittle to use.

Smite is sharpness with dullness enchantment. It does sharpness damage to undead and the dullness gets negated to do extra damage. To other mobs, the dullness negates sharpness and does damage as if it was not enchanted.

Unbreaking uses quantum mechanics to increase durability of the things it enchants. The whole item acts like a few big particles. When the item is under the unbreaking enchantment either the microscopic cracks teleport to seal or not.

The wither cannot attack ghasts. Ghasts are advance machines that have IR jammers which can fake itself being undead. 

The wither skeletons were designed to kill endermen. Skeletons and ghasts were friends because of the spawner. Enderman was trying to destroy the soul sand because of the massive wither attack. There was no other bedrock frame that can be ignited into a void to destroy the wither. The skeletons decide to turn into a wither skeleton using soul sand. THe skeleton use sword because endermen dodge arrows. The endermen were killed so much that the only endermen that survived were the ones that did not know the story of withers attacking endermen.

The reason why there are iron bars on the pillars is that the end crystal was made of glass. To get obsidian in irl, you need iron oxide and glass. The end crystal got glass and iron out of nowhere, the iron bars surround the end crystal only on the sides and top because it is the same position as the glass in the end crystal.

The ghasts drops gunpowder. Gunpowder is not used in a ghast in any of its mechanisms. Ghasts use to not drop gunpowder. After the ghast and the creeper met to create the 10 disks of "white forces". The ghasts hope that by dropping gunpowder, the player would connect the creeper who dropped the "white forces" disks to the ghast. 

Quartz were made by gears. Quartz are made from glass just like many other things in minecraft. A reason why it is non-renewable (villager trades don't count) is that nothing in the minecraft world can produce them. Quartz are made with precision to be part of a red matter-resistance circuit. It is not made of antimatter, but the precision required to manufacture it uses antimatter. All the quartz are in the nether because the time that ghasts were around in the overworld were not enough to invent quartz. No other things can make quartz. Ghast made quartz from the sand that is partially soul sand in the nether and they turn them into computers. The sand-soul sand mix has low concentration of red matter because of the thickness of the sand. The computers did not survive and turned into quartz ore after being buried in netherrack. Now, ghasts cannot make quartz because soul sand is too hard to turn into quartz.

Endstone is the end product of everything after being chewed up by a singularity. That is why end is in its name.

Free the end achievement is named for the events that happened epilogue of черные метки. It became free to go out of.

The ghast wanted to make an achievement named "Opening song". The achievement would be aquired by getting a creeper dropped disk as the first thing when you spawn in the world. The ghast even thought about a gamerule that would reset the attempt everytime you die, so you have multiple chances to get an achievement.

Endermites can infect endstone in the singularity. The endermites ate so much endstone that the endermen cannot pick up any endstone from the singularity. In 1.8.0 the endermites reproduced so many that it began to latch on to thing that are using the singularity to teleport. Interdimension teleportation also produced endermites, but the distances are so vast that the endermites end up in the void which teleports them back into the singularity. The void does damage and kills because it only teleports entities piece by piece. The endermen hated the endermite and decide to kill the endermite for eating the endstone. Endermites live in another dimension like the end. They live by teleporting in place to get endstone and eating the endstone. They easily get the endstone and infect endstone that the endermen by using arthropod's ability to infect things. Endermites despawn quickly in 2 minutes because they want to teleport back into their own dimension. The endermites are made of antimatter and can only eat endstone because endstone are not made of strange quarks.

Bees are so bad as arthropods that they can only infect a beehive.

The spawners choose the blazes to be hot. In "white forces" the spawner focused on the lyrics that is descriptive of the enemy. "Uchikudake  kooritsuita  shin'en ni hisomu sono teki wo" makes the spawner thinks that the enemy is frozen. The counter to cold is heat, so the spawners decide to invent the blaze. "Setsunasa mo  mune no itami mo " refrences the inside of the spawner. " subete himeta yuuki ni kae" and the spawner's inside turn into blazes. "Tadashisa wo  mamorinuku to  ketsui shita ano hi ga aru kara" describes a nether fortress. The spawner is black because of a mistranslation. "Ima hibiku  kuro no senkoku  kono kokoro ni" mistranslates to black sentence. The kind of sentence meaning jail. " kakusareta chikai  tsuyosa wo matou" describes the spawner spawning blazes.

"Hate no nai zetsubou dake  nokosareta  tatakai ni ikiru
Kuzure yuku  konna sekai de  tatta hitotsu shinjirareru" shows that the spawners put their faith in something. 
"Tadashisa wo  mamorinuku to  ketsui shita ano hi ga aru kara
Ima hibiku  kuro no senkoku  kono kokoro ni kakusareta chikai  tsuyosa wo matou" the spawners believe in themselves, the fortress and blazes.

The ghast likes soul sand biome because it reminds them of the lyrics in "white forces". "Omoi sora  shitsubou no machinami" makes them think that this stanza is about the nether. " iroaseta hibi no " describes the day/night cycle of the nether. "Katayotta sono MORARU ni  hikari nado mienai keredo" makes the ghast think that the ender men are evil. "Maiagaru hakuen wo mikata ni" describes the soul sand biome as friendly because in the soul sand is white gas like things. " toraeteku  musuu no yami wo" describes the nether being beaten.

The ghast believes crying tears will get them closer to the truth. "Kanashimi ni  tachitsukushi  namida shita  ano hi sae
Ima wa tada  shinjitsu ni chikazuku tame no kate ni naru kara" They cry tears every day.

The blazes shoot fire charges because it was once a skeleton. The spawner wanted to keep the property. The fire charge is made of gunpowder hoping that the player connects it to the creeper that dropped the 10 "white forces" disks to conclude that the ghast is friendly.

"Kimi ga ima  hashirinukeru "" kono ima wo mayowanai you ni" is about the ghast tear aknowledge the blaze powder. The 2nd stanza before is about ghast tear being desperate to find hope. The stanza before is about the ghast tear thinks the eye of ender is it. "aisuru koto osorenai de" is the ghast tearembracing the eye of ender.

A way to see how popular this theory is is to ask ChatGPT to write a song titles "tears in force" to see if it refrences minecraft.

The enderdragon was the first to have purple eyes. Before this, not even endermen had purple eyes. When the ender dragon was spawning, the ghast tears had accessed details of черные метки through the eye of ender. They noticed in the black МиГ-23, was Lise Hohenstein who was wearing a purple aerogel suit. The cockpit is closest to a eye. The purple aerogel would be the most noticeable without anything blocking it. So, the purple eyes were chosen for the ender dragon. All the endermen followed to change their eyes to purple.

If the minecraft world was the size of integer limit, the diameter of the minecraft world would have lower limit of 2^32*24000*2. Assuming that the world is synchronized on time to the tick, the minecraft world's radius is 2^32*arcsin(24000^-1). This would make the minecraft world weigh more than 10^7 observable universes.
